README.md, before:

LoggerLogentriesBackend
=======================

## About

A backend for the [Elixir Logger](http://elixir-lang.org/docs/v1.0/logger/Logger.html)
that will send logs to the [Logentries TCP input](https://logentries.com/doc/input-token/).

## Supported options

* **host**: String.t. The hostname of the logentries endpoint. [default: `data.logentries.com`]
* **port**: Integer. The port number for logentries. [default: `80`]
* **token**: String.t. The unique logentries token for the log destination.
* **format**: String.t. The logging format of the message. [default: `[$level] $message\n`].
* **level**: Atom. Minimum level for this backend. [default: `:debug`]
* **metdata**: Keyword.t. Extra fields to be added when sending the logs. These will
be merged with the metadata sent in every log message.

## Using it with Mix

To use it in your Mix projects, first add it as a dependency:

```elixir
def deps do
  [{:logger_logentries_backend, "~> 0.0.1"}]
end
```
Then run mix deps.get to install it.

## Configuration Examples

### Runtime

```elixir
Logger.add_backend {Logger.Backend.Logentries, :debug}
Logger.configure {Logger.Backend.Logentries, :debug},
  host: 'data.logentries.com',
  port: 10000,
  token: "logentries-token-goes-here",
  level: :debug,
  format: "[$level] $message\n"
```

### Application config

```elixir
config :logger,
  backends: [{Logger.Backend.Logentries, :error_log}, :console]

config :logger, :error_log,
  host: 'data.logentries.com',
  port: 10000,
  token: "logentries-token-goes-here",
  level: :error,
  format: "[$level] $message\n"
```

Commit message:

feat(Logger) Add metadata_filter config option.
The `metadata_filter` config option provides the user with a way to only
send certain log messages to Logentries. For example a config of

```elixir
metadata_filter: [logentries: true]
```

would only send messages where the `logentries` metadata key was passed
as `true`, e.g.

```elixir
Logger.info("message", logentries: true)
```

README.md, after:

LoggerLogentriesBackend
=======================

## About

A backend for the [Elixir Logger](http://elixir-lang.org/docs/v1.0/logger/Logger.html)
that will send logs to the [Logentries TCP input](https://logentries.com/doc/input-token/).

## Supported options

* **host**: String.t. The hostname of the logentries endpoint. [default: `data.logentries.com`]
* **port**: Integer. The port number for logentries. [default: `80`]
* **token**: String.t. The unique logentries token for the log destination.
* **format**: String.t. The logging format of the message. [default: `[$level] $message\n`].
* **level**: Atom. Minimum level for this backend. [default: `:debug`]
* **metadata**: Keyword.t. Extra fields to be added when sending the logs. These will
be merged with the metadata sent in every log message.
* **metadata_filter**: Keyword.t. Metadata fields which must be present in order to send the log.

## Using it with Mix

To use it in your Mix projects, first add it as a dependency:

```elixir
def deps do
  [{:logger_logentries_backend, "~> 0.0.1"}]
end
```
Then run mix deps.get to install it.

## Configuration Examples

### Runtime

```elixir
Logger.add_backend {Logger.Backend.Logentries, :debug}
Logger.configure {Logger.Backend.Logentries, :debug},
  host: 'data.logentries.com',
  port: 10000,
  token: "logentries-token-goes-here",
  level: :debug,
  format: "[$level] $message\n"
```

### Application config

```elixir
config :logger,
  backends: [{Logger.Backend.Logentries, :error_log}, :console]

config :logger, :error_log,
  host: 'data.logentries.com',
  port: 10000,
  token: "logentries-token-goes-here",
  level: :error,
  format: "[$level] $message\n"
```

### Only logging specific messages

Using the `metadata_filter` option, you can specify which log lines will be sent to Logentries. This example only
logs lines when the custom `logentries` metadata key is given as `true`:

```elixir
config :logger,
  backends: [{Logger.Backend.Logentries, :logentries}, :console]

config :logger, :logentries,
  host: 'data.logentries.com',
  port: 10000,
  token: "logentries-token-goes-here",
  level: :debug,
  format: "[$level] $message\n",
  metadata_filter: [logentries: true]

# Usage in code:
Logger.info("message", logentries: true)
```
